A NETFLIX SERIES
My brother,
all he wanted was a peaceful life.
His smile was just like yours.
Beautiful.
Wow! You're wearing a dress shirt here.
It doesn't look like you.
-I was very different.
-You really were.
I miss you, brother.
Hey.
-Let's take a picture.
-I don't want to.
-Why not?
-Mom already took a lot of pictures.
Danilo, fix your hair.
Do it while you can,
next year you'll be a freshman,
and I'll shave your head.
Don't worry. I'll always be here.
Smile!
My sons are so handsome!
Did I disappoint you?
No.
I'm not disappointed.
But for a guy who used to talk
about simple things in life,
I thought he'd have another story.
Catarina, my family is wealthy,
but I'm not like Rodrigo.
You know that, right?
Do you trust me?
Because I trust you.
Collapsing from tiring flights
Compli--
How long have you been there?
-It's nice watching you play.
-I found it in the bedroom.
-Cool, huh?
-Yes.
A surfer from Maui gave it to me.
-Wow!
-This ukulele. Yeah.
-Can you play?
-Yes.
Do you know this one? Collapsing--
-This tone, right?
-Listen.
Collapsing from tiring flights
Complicated and thoughtful
Hurt after so many hardships
Armored by our own reasons
-Buenos días.
I'll wait for it
Maybe in the Spring
The sky is clear and it's warm
See what's left of us
What it once was
The world turns in collapse
So many lies increase the rage
Of those who suffer in silence
The page turns, the sound goes wild
We get crazy
And in the middle of all of it all
We're like birds
Free to fly the way we want to
To find a nest
Even if it's on each other's heart
We're like birds
Free to fly the way we want to
Yasmin…
To find a nest
Even if it's on each other's heart
You scared me!
Wait, Maresia.
You need to vary your sources of carbs.
I'm eating pancakes,
whipped cream, chocolate…
-It seems varied to me.
-Hey! Did you tell her?
Tell me what?
What are you up to?
Are you trying to kill me?
You know the scout
that's coming to see Rodrigo?
I talked to him,
and, if you want,
he'll see you surfing too.
-Really?
-Today.
At 3:00 p.m. We have time
to train this morning.
But I just started surfing!
-These sponsors--
-They want young people.
-To invest from the beginning.
-It's not about experience.
It's about potential.
And I think you have a lot of potential.
Only if you want it.
I do. I really want that.
Yay! So, let's get to training, Big Rider!
Hang loose!
Listen. Let me eat this.
-Good morning.
-Morning!
Can I talk to your manager?
Something unpleasant happened to my card.
I'm the manager.
Well, great.
So, here's what happened.
I forgot my wallet here.
I checked my credit card,
and saw a purchase I didn't make
in an expensive jewelry store.
I'm sorry. What's your name?
-Paula.
-Paula. All right, Mrs. Paula.
That's unlikely.
My staff is very trustworthy.
Everyone here plays by the rules.
I make sure of that.
I've been here for days, honey.
It must've been here.
I understand. Have you heard
about digital frauds?
Sometimes we use
our credit cards on websites…
I didn't know managers
could be employees of the month.
Isn't it cute?
Because I got so many of those,
I was promoted to manager.
And I'll be glad to help you.
I'm gonna give you my personal number.
You can call me right away if you need.
Catarina. Here.
I like you.
You're nothing like the others.
Others?
Between us, you're great.
But a special hotel like this
should have more appropriate employees.
-Thank you.
-Bye.
It's me! Now you'll have my number too.
-Noted. Bye!
-See you.
Put your hands on your chest.
It's through your heart
that spirituality can manifest.
Absorb all knowledge
that you can.
Don't let external noises
get your attention.
Hey.
Close your eyes.
Close your eyes,
and focus only on your breathing.
Focus on your body.
And keep this meditative state
for a couple of minutes.
-Marília…
-Why here, Caco?
I mean, inner peace, right?
Relax. Do you think I wanted to come here?
What's going on? You disappeared.
You know about my situation.
Miguel won't sell, and nobody is selling.
Forget it!
Forget it. No one will show up
at the end of the season.
Enjoy while the hotel is full
of rich kids wanting to buy weed.
Focus on your breathing.
Concentrate.
I'm working now. Please--
Listen. I know you need the money.
So many bills to pay…
Where's the radio? Can I see it?
Here it is! Check it out!
How do I turn it on?
-Pressing this bu--
-Come.
Stay there.
Breathe.
Bring your attention
to the present moment.
Now open your eyes slowly.
Yay!
-That wipeout was terrible!
-It's part of the game.
Keep doing what you did during training…
Guest on table five.
Just a sec.
Helena, get away from your phone!
Take a break from the screen.
Look who's talking!
This is a budget app.
It's not entertainment.
-Helena.
-Hey!
Don't! What will the algorithm think?
Worried about
what the algorithm will think?
What kind of TV shows it'll suggest now?
It can even cancel
the TV show I'm watching now.
I'll be canceled
if I don't lower my expenses.
Hey. Anyone?
We'll both be canceled.
What is it?
What's up?
After everything I've done
to get this body,
and finally have some self-esteem,
Léo Pororoca shows up again,
and he can't finish?
Know what it feels like? Double bullying.
That's wrong in so many levels, Helena.
-I don't even know where to start.
-Hey!
We're coming!
Look, I canceled my health insurance,
now it's Sofia's painting classes.
And the yoga studio… Goodbye.
You're planning your future,
and I haven't figured out my past yet.
I'm coming.
What a surprise!
My dad went to the hotel,
and I escaped training
to see you, you know?
I know it's hard to stay away
from this hottie, right?
-Very hard.
-It's true.
Actually, I was thinking.
The scout will be surprised
when he sees you.
What about the arrangements
for the big day?
Come here, let me show you!
Freedom in a bottle of cannabidiol.
-We just have to see if it works.
-It'll work.
-No more expensive meds.
Rodrigo!
Son of a bitch.
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK
DO NOT DISTURB
FRAGILE
Hey, coach.
I let you down.
I'm sorry.
-Prune that one.
-That one, right?
-And check if there's aphid.
-But listen. I kept on training.
And I'll be at the beach at 2:00 p.m.
It'd mean a lot to me
if you could be there too.
Can you give me one more chance?
Rodrigo, right?
It seems he hasn't given up.
With Rodrigo, you never know.
-Give him a chance.
-Another one?
I know you worry about him. You like him.
Exactly.
Someone must show him
the world doesn't revolve around him.
I agree, baby, but this is his chance
to find a new path.
And he needs a paragon.
He needs you.
Nice chair.
Very comfortable. Look at this.
I didn't remember this.
But on clause 14, 5th paragraph,
it says you can be removed from management
in case the investor's financial assets
are at risk.
Elias, this hotel is our home.
We'd never put it at risk.
That's not what it looks like.
People have published
derogatory pictures of the hotel.
Right?
There was drug trafficking here.
Anyway, all sorts of mismanagement.
And now this.
An attack against my private property
by your employees.
What is that about?
This.
According to my lawyers,
this is vandalism
against the investor's asset.
Well, I think the hotel management
needs some changes.
Hey, Jorge.
Remember when I did you a favor?
It's time you return it. Okay?
I need you to do something.
Hi, Hassef. It's me.
There's been a setback.
I need you to call me asap.
Yes, Catarina.
From the Maresia Hotel. Exactly.
I made a request
about the reports of our computer.
It's William, right?
Can you tell me when
you'll be able to get back to me?
Our client is very impatient.
Yeah.
Okay, great.
Thank you. Bye.
Paula, right on time. You're lucky.
-Great.
-I've talked to IT.
They'll get back to us in 48 hours.
Mystery solved.
That's great, honey.
All I want is to be wrong.
I know, right?
-I hate being suspicious.
-Yeah.
-Thanks, Cat!
-No problem.
I'm glad this hotel
has a manager like you.
Bye.
Oh, I'm so fucked.
Lock the door, Dad!
Chai?
The price is R$ 30.
But today's your lucky day.
It'll be five for R$ 100.
I don't think so. Thanks.
It's good stuff.
It's on sale.
I want it.
One or five?
Just one.
And one beer, please.
Girl, I was talking to the guest,
and it just came to me.
Beer, table five, okay?
-Pastry, table two.
-I want an honest relationship.
Like Elle and Noah,
from The Kissing Booth.
Sure. This one is for table five too.
Respecting each other's limits--
Helena! Real life is calling.
Let's get to work.
You can think about that later. Come on.
Hey!
Want some?
Some people are crazy.
The guy from table five
didn't touch the pastry!
Did you serve him the beer?
Did he pay you?
Oh, wait. Maybe I'm crazy.
I switched the orders.
Holy shit.
Oh, God.
Come on! Can't you do your job?
Relax, I can switch back.
I can't believe this.
Calm down. I just switched the orders--
You always have your head
in the clouds, Helena.
You pretend your real life
is a series, a movie.
-Okay?
-I'm hungry.
You're forgetting to live, Helena.
-That's what you're doing. Okay.
-I need to poop.
This is real life, Helena. Okay?
Okay. She can take this.
Take it, honey. Thank you.
Okay, it's safer here.
I missed you so much.
Chai, we need to talk.
What? Didn't you like the surprise?
No! This is not what I mean.
I just--
I wasn't expecting this, and…
I just can't believe you're here.
Are you okay?
Things are crazy.
But I have a plan. Are you ready?
What plan?
You and I,
we can live together in Rio,
I have a crib next to your college.
By the way,
everybody's talking about it at the hood.
You always said you wouldn't make it.
But you did in the first try.
I told you.
You did.
I think it's our chance to start over.
Away from everyone.
I just need a place
to hide for a few days
until they come to pick us up.
Chai, I can't just leave here,
you know? I--
-Hey, Yasmin.
-Dad?
This is Chai.
-Hey.
-What's up?
He's…
he's from São Paulo.
Can you come outside?
Sure.
Can Chai stay for a day or two? I just…
He's on the run, but it's not his fault.
Is that a joke? You're kidding me, right?
All we need right now
is a wanted guy here in the hotel.
What you did at Elias's pool
was nothing, right?
Vilma's trying to solve it,
but we're hanging by a thread.
I'm sorry.
I have nothing against your friend.
But Elias has enough reasons
to bring us down.
We can lose the hotel
because of your childish behavior.
And this is our home.
It can be yours too, if you want.
I don't know what you think,
but I'm going to the beach.
Do you want to surf?
You have to decide
what to do with your life.
Is there coconut water in Chile?
Yes. Not this sweet, but yes.
Beaches too, right?
Of course, many of them.
Have you ever thought
about being a lifeguard there?
I don't know. Maybe.
Why?
You're acting weird.
I'm not acting weird.
I'm just thinking.
-Thinking?
-Yes.
What are you thinking?
I'm thinking about us,
about what's happening.
-What's happening?
-I like this.
-Really?
-Really.
Me too. A little bit.
A little bit?
Nah. A lot.
What is it?
Can I tell you something?
Sure.
Remember when we met?
When you got me out of the pool.
That day,
I think I started
seeing things differently.
And you were right.
No voy más a dejar la vida
me llevar adelante.
I want to lead my life.
But I wanna do this away from here.
No…
Oh God, no!
Chai!
Wait! So you think I've changed?
Why, dude?
I came here thinking I'd find that girl
with scraped knees, you know?
But you couldn't even introduce me
as your boyfriend to your dad.
So what? I'm the same person I was,
who fights against the system.
You know? Who loves skating. You know me!
I'll always be thankful
for what you did.
For protecting me and taking the blame
for that broken window.
I sing to remember our story
In the middle of chaos, we'll find glory
After so many struggles
We'll get to victory
I have my roots
My ground to be happy
I invade, I don't fit in
Remember?
Oh no.
It's time you let go
of this anchor, Yasmin.
No more holding on to the past.
Open your eyes.
You may think you belong here,
but this place doesn't want you to stay.
You know?
BOAT TAXI
Why do you want to leave now?
I'm sorry for saying this now.
It's your first day as a lifeguard.
I'm really happy for you.
But I needed to let it out.
You can trust me, you know?
I'm in love with you.
Me too.
But
look at this.
I'm happy here.
I can't run away with you now.
I know, Diego.
But the freedom you feel
when you look at this place,
that's what I want. You know?
I want to start my life from scratch,
and I wanna do it with you.
I don't wanna think about my past anymore.
The last thing
I need right now
is to talk about the past.
Hey, Maresia.
Where's the champion you told me about?
Rodrigo's got some issues,
but he'll be here.
Right.
And the new girl I told you,
she's amazing.
-I'm sure you'll love her.
-Really?
-Let's see.
-She's here.
Hey, Yasmin.
Good luck.
-The tide is coming.
-Is it?
There she goes.
-Damn it.
-Fuck.
-Look. There she goes.
-Let's see.
She can do it.
Awesome!
Did you get this?
-Unbelievable.
-She has style.
That was awesome.
-So?
-Good job, Yasmin.
I can see you're dedicated.
Listen, you have a rough diamond here.
Yay!
Well, I'll get in touch
with the brand's owner
and get back to you.
-Great. Thank you so much.
-Yeah.
What's up?
Sorry, I'm late, but I'm ready now.
Turn on the camera, let's roll.
Put the camera away,
I've seen enough for today.
This guy isn't worth it.
Are you okay, Rodrigo? Go home.
I don't even know if I have a home.
She's really good.
-He's drunk.
-Yes.
Hi, Helena.
Do you know what the problem is?
Tell me, because I keep thinking
about that night and I still don't…
It's here, inside my head.
After that, I pictured
five seasons of our story.
You and I,
visiting every beach in the world.
I wasn't ready for real life.
And now, life goes on. Excuse me.
Wait a sec. You always make a speech.
Can you listen to me just once?
I'm sorry.
This has never happened
to me before. I don't know.
It's weird, I got nervous, and…
-There's only one explanation.
-Yeah? What is it?
It's crazy, but I…
I think I'm still in love with you.
What?
You used to call me "Free Willy"!
I was just going with the flow.
I was a jerk, Helena.
I always thought you were pretty.
Since I was a kid.
Then prove it.
In two days,
I'm going to Hawaii
for a surf competition.
Come with me.
Don't you like happy endings?
The flyers about the tour.
In case Maresia asks.
Diego, wait.
-Let me explain--
-It's okay.
-I didn't choose the right words.
-Guys, excuse me.
I need to talk to you, Catarina.
What happened? What is it?
I know we can't talk about Rodrigo,
but I'd talk to him if I were you.
What the hell did he do now?
He showed up drunk and didn't even surf.
He's still alone at the beach.
I'm afraid he'll do something stupid.
I'll sell it for R$ 400.
It's Colombian, good stuff.
Yeah, but money is tight.
Thanks.
Hey, girl!
If I drop it to 300, will you take it?
Please, it's good stuff.
I swear, it'll get you high.
-Is it really good?
-Yeah.
-Okay. R$ 300, then.
-All right.
Sofia. What is it?
What is it, honey?
It's shrimp!
Rodrigo!
-Come back!
-Hey!
Come back!
Rodrigo!
Breathe…
Guys!
Guys! Vitor, call a boat,
we need to rush to the hospital!
-Okay.
-Breathe, sweetie.
Rodrigo!
He'll drown!
Mírame, hermano.
He's drowning!
No, we're too drunk.
-I'm not drunk.
-Rodrigo!
-Look! I'll show you.
-Don't go in the water now.
-I'm floating.
-Wait, Danilo. Hey!
Danilo!
Listen.
You can do it.
You can do it. I'm right here.
I'm with you.
Oh, God.
Rodrigo!
Come back.
-Danilo! Hey, Danilo!
-Diego.
Help me, brother.
-Danilo!
-Help me!
I have to save him! No!
I can't breathe!
Danilo!
Where's Diego?
Diego…
Diego!
Oh my God! Diego!